README.md, before:

# Mean-Variance-Standard Deviation Calculator

This is the boilerplate for the Mean-Variance-Standard Deviation Calculator project. Instructions for building your project can be found at https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-analysis-with-python/data-analysis-with-python-projects/mean-variance-standard-deviation-calculator

Uses Numpy to output the mean, variance, standard deviation, max, min, and sum of the rows, columns, and elements in a 3 x 3 matrix.

The input of the function should be a list containing 9 digits. The function should convert the list into a 3 x 3 Numpy array, and then return a dictionary containing the mean, variance, standard deviation, max, min, and sum along both axes and for the flattened matrix.

The returned dictionary should follow this format:

{
  'mean': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'variance': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'standard deviation': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'max': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'min': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'sum': [axis1, axis2, flattened]
}

If a list containing less than 9 elements is passed into the function, it should raise a ValueError exception with the message: "List must contain nine numbers." The values in the returned dictionary should be lists and not Numpy arrays.

Commit message:

updated Read Me with more information about axis1 and axis2

README.md, after:

# Mean-Variance-Standard Deviation Calculator

This is the boilerplate for the Mean-Variance-Standard Deviation Calculator project. Instructions for building your project can be found at https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-analysis-with-python/data-analysis-with-python-projects/mean-variance-standard-deviation-calculator

Uses Numpy to output the mean, variance, standard deviation, max, min, and sum of the rows, columns, and elements in a 3 x 3 matrix.

The input of the function should be a list containing 9 digits. The function should convert the list into a 3 x 3 Numpy array, and then return a dictionary containing the mean, variance, standard deviation, max, min, and sum along both axes and for the flattened matrix.

The returned dictionary should follow this format:

{
  'mean': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'variance': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'standard deviation': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'max': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'min': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'sum': [axis1, axis2, flattened]
}

axis1 refers to columns, axis2 refers to rows, and flattened refers to the entire collection in 1 dimension

If a list containing less than 9 elements is passed into the function, it should raise a ValueError exception with the message: "List must contain nine numbers." The values in the returned dictionary should be lists and not Numpy arrays.
